elihue further answered hear my words
elihue further answered hear my words you wise men give ear to me you who have
you wise men give ear to me you who have
you wise men give ear to me you who have knowledge for the ear tests words as the
knowledge for the ear tests words as the
knowledge for the ear tests words as the palate tastes food
palate tastes food
palate tastes food let us choose justice for ourselves let
let us choose justice for ourselves let
let us choose justice for ourselves let us know among ourselves what is good for
us know among ourselves what is good for
us know among ourselves what is good for job has said I am righteous but God has
job has said I am righteous but God has
job has said I am righteous but God has taken away my justice should I lie
taken away my justice should I lie
taken away my justice should I lie concerning my right my wound is
concerning my right my wound is
concerning my right my wound is incurable though I am without
incurable though I am without
incurable though I am without transgression what man is like Jobe who
transgression what man is like Jobe who
transgression what man is like Jobe who drinks scorn like water who goes in
drinks scorn like water who goes in
drinks scorn like water who goes in company with the workers of iniquity and
company with the workers of iniquity and
company with the workers of iniquity and walks with wicked men for he has said it
walks with wicked men for he has said it
walks with wicked men for he has said it profits a man nothing that he should
profits a man nothing that he should
profits a man nothing that he should delight in God therefore listen to me
delight in God therefore listen to me
delight in God therefore listen to me you men of understanding far be it from
you men of understanding far be it from
you men of understanding far be it from God to do wickedness and from the
God to do wickedness and from the
God to do wickedness and from the Almighty to commit iniquity for he
Almighty to commit iniquity for he
Almighty to commit iniquity for he repays man according to his work and
repays man according to his work and
repays man according to his work and makes man to find a reward according to
makes man to find a reward according to
makes man to find a reward according to his way surely God will never do
his way surely God will never do
his way surely God will never do wickedly nor will the almighty pervert
wickedly nor will the almighty pervert
wickedly nor will the almighty pervert justice who gave him charge over the
justice who gave him charge over the
justice who gave him charge over the earth or who appointed him over the
earth or who appointed him over the
earth or who appointed him over the whole world if he should set his heart
whole world if he should set his heart
whole world if he should set his heart on him if he should gather to himself
on him if he should gather to himself
on him if he should gather to himself his spirit and his breath all flesh
his spirit and his breath all flesh
his spirit and his breath all flesh would perish together and man would
would perish together and man would
would perish together and man would return to dust if you have understanding
return to dust if you have understanding
return to dust if you have understanding hear this listen to the sound of my
hear this listen to the sound of my
hear this listen to the sound of my words should one who hates justice
words should one who hates justice
words should one who hates justice govern will you condemn him who is most
govern will you condemn him who is most
govern will you condemn him who is most just is it fitting to say to a king you
just is it fitting to say to a king you
just is it fitting to say to a king you are worthless and to Nobles you are
are worthless and to Nobles you are
are worthless and to Nobles you are wicked
wicked
wicked yet he is not partial to princes nor
yet he is not partial to princes nor
yet he is not partial to princes nor does he regard the rich more than the
does he regard the rich more than the
does he regard the rich more than the poor for they are all the work of his
poor for they are all the work of his
poor for they are all the work of his hands and in a moment they die in the
hands and in a moment they die in the
hands and in a moment they die in the middle of the night the people are
middle of the night the people are
middle of the night the people are shaken and pass away the mighty are
shaken and pass away the mighty are
shaken and pass away the mighty are taken away without a hand for his eyes
taken away without a hand for his eyes
taken away without a hand for his eyes are on the ways of man and he sees all
are on the ways of man and he sees all
are on the ways of man and he sees all his steps there is no darkness nor
his steps there is no darkness nor
his steps there is no darkness nor shadow of death where the workers of
shadow of death where the workers of
shadow of death where the workers of iniquity may hide themselves for he need
iniquity may hide themselves for he need
iniquity may hide themselves for he need not further consider a man that he
not further consider a man that he
not further consider a man that he should go before God in judgment he
should go before God in judgment he
should go before God in judgment he breaks in pieces mighty men without
breaks in pieces mighty men without
breaks in pieces mighty men without inquiry and sets others in their place
inquiry and sets others in their place
inquiry and sets others in their place therefore he knows their works he
therefore he knows their works he
therefore he knows their works he overthrows them in the night and they
overthrows them in the night and they
overthrows them in the night and they are crushed he strikes them as wicked
are crushed he strikes them as wicked
are crushed he strikes them as wicked men in the open sight of others because
men in the open sight of others because
men in the open sight of others because they turned back from him and would not
they turned back from him and would not
they turned back from him and would not consider any of his ways so that they
consider any of his ways so that they
consider any of his ways so that they caused the cry of the poor to come to
caused the cry of the poor to come to
caused the cry of the poor to come to him for he hears the cry of the
him for he hears the cry of the
him for he hears the cry of the afflicted when he gives quietness who
afflicted when he gives quietness who
afflicted when he gives quietness who then can make trouble and when he hides
then can make trouble and when he hides
then can make trouble and when he hides his face who then can see him whether it
his face who then can see him whether it
his face who then can see him whether it is against a nation or a man alone that
is against a nation or a man alone that
is against a nation or a man alone that the hypocrite should not reign lest the
the hypocrite should not reign lest the
the hypocrite should not reign lest the people be ensnared far as anyone said to
people be ensnared far as anyone said to
people be ensnared far as anyone said to God I have borne chastening I will
God I have borne chastening I will
God I have borne chastening I will offend no more teach me what I do not
offend no more teach me what I do not
offend no more teach me what I do not see if I have done iniquity I will do no
see if I have done iniquity I will do no
see if I have done iniquity I will do no more should he repay it according to
more should he repay it according to
more should he repay it according to your terms just because you disavow it
your terms just because you disavow it
your terms just because you disavow it you must choose and not I therefore
you must choose and not I therefore
you must choose and not I therefore speak what you know men of understanding
speak what you know men of understanding
speak what you know men of understanding say to me wise men who listened to me
say to me wise men who listened to me
say to me wise men who listened to me job speaks without knowledge his words
job speaks without knowledge his words
job speaks without knowledge his words are without wisdom o that job were tried
are without wisdom o that job were tried
are without wisdom o that job were tried to the utmost because his answers are
to the utmost because his answers are
to the utmost because his answers are like those of wicked men for he adds
like those of wicked men for he adds
like those of wicked men for he adds rebellion to his sin he claps his hands
rebellion to his sin he claps his hands
rebellion to his sin he claps his hands a
a
a among us and multiplies his words
among us and multiplies his words
among us and multiplies his words against God